index.md, before:

---
layout: page_full
featimg: pydata_members.jpg
title: Welcome to PyData London!
---

## PyData London Conference 2017

We are pleased to announce that the Pydata London Conference will be held over the weekend of 5-7 May. Our call for proposal has now closed, and the review committee is busily putting together a fantastic schedule for this year's conference. We will announce speakers and ticket sales soon - watch this space!

## About us

We are London's community for developers and users of Python data tools.

Run by volunteers, PyData London provides Python enthusiasts a place to share ideas and learn from each other about how best to apply the language and tools to ever-evolving challenges in the vast realm of data management, processing, analytics and visualisation. We run **monthly events on the first Tuesday of each month**, in addition to **annual conferences**. We aim to provide a venue for users across all the various domains of data analysis to share their experiences and their techniques, as well as highlight the triumphs and potential pitfalls of using Python. 

Sign up to our next event on [Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/PyData-London-Meetup/) and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pydatalondon/) for the latest news!

PyData is organised by [NumFOCUS.org](http://www.numfocus.org/), a non-profit organisation which supports and promotes world-class, innovative, open source scientific software.

Commit message:

Update index.md conference tickets sold out

index.md, after:

---
layout: page_full
featimg: pydata_members.jpg
title: Welcome to PyData London!
---

## PyData London Conference 2017

We are pleased to announce that the Pydata London Conference will be held over the weekend of 5-7 May. Tickets have now sold out; if you aren't able to join us in person this year, keep an eye on Twitter and PyData Youtube channel for tweets and videos following the conference. 

## About us

We are London's community for developers and users of Python data tools.

Run by volunteers, PyData London provides Python enthusiasts a place to share ideas and learn from each other about how best to apply the language and tools to ever-evolving challenges in the vast realm of data management, processing, analytics and visualisation. We run **monthly events on the first Tuesday of each month**, in addition to **annual conferences**. We aim to provide a venue for users across all the various domains of data analysis to share their experiences and their techniques, as well as highlight the triumphs and potential pitfalls of using Python. 

Sign up to our next event on [Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/PyData-London-Meetup/) and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pydatalondon/) for the latest news!

PyData is organised by [NumFOCUS.org](http://www.numfocus.org/), a non-profit organisation which supports and promotes world-class, innovative, open source scientific software.
